samples: matter: Fixed NVS sectors count in samples configurations (#16685)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/end_product/bootloader.rst

This requires that you define the ``settings_storage`` partition in the flash.
The recommended minimum size of the partition is 32 kB, but you can reserve even more space if your application uses the storage extensively.

The Zephyr settings storage is implemented by the Zephyr NVS (Non-Volatile Storage) module.

> The NVS uses multiple sectors of a 4 kB size each and it has to use the appropriate number of sectors to cover all settings partition area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NVS uses multiple sectors of 4 kB each and it has to use the appropriate number of sectors to cover all settings partition area.
```

To configure the number of sectors used by the NVS, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_SECTOR_COUNT` Kconfig option to the desired value.

> For example, to cover the settings partition of a 32 kB size, you require 8 sectors of 4 kB size each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to cover a settings partition of 32 kB in size, you require 8 sectors.
```
